Cagliostro
is a platform that allows its users to create and publish text based games.
The games would be created via a dedicated editor available as a webapp and distributed on the platform where they would also be playable from a separate app.
In the app the games should be

Within the limits of the games being text based the editor allows a high flexibility on their appearance (ex: images, backgrounds, fonts) and mechanics (ex: single character, party of characters, inventory, 2d map navigation).

As of now very simple text based applications seem to enjoy a somewhat big success (with quite a few with over 500k downloads) especially when compared to the effort that was put into their development so there would seem to be a considerable player base that could enjoy an app with many such games available.

As for the editor a few are available but they only have very basic features (no map exploration for instance)



Docet
is an idea based off a project we did for human & computer interaction and consists of an application where teachers can upload schedule  and materialfor their course following a simple folder based structure and allow students to enroll into it.

Compared to platform such as Udemy this application is more oriented to middle/high school teachers and their students rather than an open public and focuses on keeping the student up to date on the schedule especially unable to attend school.



Skip
is an application that allows skiers upload and visualize information ubout the current state of the slopes.

Companies that manage the slopes usually have pages where they provide information such as how many skilifts are open or webcams, the problem is that these companies have an interest in strategically positioning said webcams to make it look like more snow is present than it actually is, it is also quite hard to asses the quality of the snow from a webcam. The application would insterad provide unbiased and continously updated data for its users.

Using the data collected from the single slopes the application could then show a ‘global’ map of the slopes in the area so the user could pick the one with the best snow conditions.
